Create organization folder lazily (#4846)
scalableminds/webknossos: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

- 

### Changed
- The position input of tracings now accepts decimal input. When losing focus the values are cut off at the comma. [#4803](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4803)

> - An organization can now be created, although a datastore is down. The necessary folders are created lazily when needed. [#4846](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4846)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- webknossos.org only: Accounts associated with new organizations can now be created even when a datastore is unreachable. The necessary folders are created lazily when needed. [#4846](https://github.com/scalableminds/webknossos/pull/4846)
```
